Update customer-lockbox-requests.md (#6206)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/customer-lockbox-requests.md

If a customer rejects a Customer Lockbox request, no access to customer content occurs. If a user in your organization continues to experience a service issue requiring Microsoft to access customer content to resolve the issue, then the service issue might persist and Microsoft will inform the user about this.

> #### How to setup Alerts any time a request has been approved ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How do I set up alerts whenever a request has been approved?
```

> There is no built in option to Alert the administrators. However, Administrators can setup Alerts using [Microsoft cloud App security](/cloud-app-security/getting-started-with-cloud-app-security#to-create-policies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no built-in option to alert administrators. However, administrators can set up alerts using [Microsoft cloud App security](/cloud-app-security/getting-started-with-cloud-app-security#to-create-policies).
```
